---
layout: post
title:  "Why Windows?"
date:   2023-10-05 1:00:00 +7000
categories: blog archive
permalink:  /:categories/:year/:month/:day/:title.html
---

# Why Windows?

Well at first I have no choice. The reason is my school's app for examinations are totally written for Windows only, but not Linux or even MacOS. Hence, microsoft and Windows laptop manufacturers will of course be happy for this decision, which would produce needs for around 10.000 Windows machine per year, just only for we students.

## Crashes

I've heard a lot about how people hate Mac or Windows, so I tried both of them to test my color. 

For Mac, it's basically Linux with some twitches. I thought it'd awful for me using these apples products but no, I would prefer sticking with mac for a long time, as long as they start to release supports particularly for apples hardware. About games and heavier stuff? I'm not that experience to use them and not interested in playing computer games. All I need is a linux based terminal and a browser to support my works.

For Windows, we met when I was a 6 years old child. My mom had one of them at home for her work. She taught me MS Words and Paint in her free time and made me sit there till I get it, even though all I care was the shooting dinasaurs eggs game. I played my sneaky game, but not aware that the audio output was connected to the speaker and it was freakingly loud, because my mom used to play music when she was preparing dinners in the kitchen. Damn that was unexpected. Back to the point! After all those years being with windows, it crashes infinite times, for no visible reason, it just crashes at will. Last night I left it on the sleeping mode, after a night, the audio just stop working, at will. I've experienced this once, so I tried to reinstall the audio, following the manufaturers instruction, it just doesn't work. I remember that that one microsoft help desk fixed my laptop that way, is there any hidden step that I forgot? No, I don't miss anything. I reset the freaking windows 11, doesn't work. I reinstall it, the wifi now stops working. (: Then I just patiently install all of the drivers by hand and I found that the issue is related to one intel driver (: Congrats. I hope windows will get better, not just by increase their version number.

And I've not use linux for 6 months already (: Damn me